{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title Lume Press Kit Description}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 App Store Description
\b0 \
Lume is a system designed to help you engage in an enriched life. By providing a tool which allows you to record your mood, energy, and thoughts, it is our mission to help you get the information you need to make decisions with positive outcomes.\
For now, you can track your mood and energy, in addition to creating a text entry (limited to 255 characters). As you input information, you gain the ability to view graphs and visualizations based on your data. View your mood and energy in one graph and see how one aspect may relate to the other.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Your digital journal and personal tracker.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Record your mood and energy in a quick and fun.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Combine text with your data and derive more meaning and insights.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Simple, interactive graphs based on your entries show you trends in your mental states.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Combine your mood and energy graphs to see how they relate.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Advanced A.I. and Reasoning Engine analyzes your trends.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 Longer Product Description
\b0 \
Lume is a system designed to help you engage in an enriched life. By providing a tool which allows you to record your mood, energy, diet, activity level, and sleep, it is our mission to help you get the information you need to make decisions with positive outcomes.\
The focus from the start has been on trying to understand what it means to \'93quantify one\'92s self,\'94 and how to do so in an appropriate and engaging manner. Our ultimate goal is to deliver a tool that allows you to record your mood, energy, diet, activities, sleep, and wellness. Beyond more input types, we\'92re working hard to add features that will give more meaning to the data you collect. Things like Goals, Milestones, and Insights are designed to answer the biggest question in personal tracking: 
\i So what?
\i0 \
At Magnimbus, we have a theory. Our theory is that understanding the choices that we make and the ways in which they affect us is important for a number of reasons. The knowledge that this information provides is especially important when it comes to decision making. By having a historical set of data to which you can refer, you are able to draw upon past experiences when making important decisions regarding your health and wellness. Graphs based on the data gathered can also reveal trends or correlations in behavior that otherwise may have been missed. Perhaps most importantly, journaling can be an important act of self-reflection. The act of self-tracking can be trivial and mundane, or it can help us gain a deeper understanding of what motivations are behind the decisions that drives our behavior.\
By providing actionable pieces of information based on the information you volunteer, it is our hope to grow the quantified self movement beyond its narcissistic trappings and into a real catalyst for change, self-healing, and self-actualization.\
}